<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
Copyright IBM Corp, 2015

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
-->
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE cshelp PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA CSHelp//EN"
 "..\dtd\cshelp.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<!--This DITA specialized document type is not supported by the Authoring Tools development team.
Press the F1 key for online help on the tags and see the DITA XML Guide and Reference for how to use this document type.
For support please see:
https://w3.opensource.ibm.com/projects/dita-cshelp/-->
<cshelp id="administration" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Administration</title>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Administration</wintitle> page shows information
about your system.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>Use these sections to update firmware, create backup files, and
configure power options, users, and more.</p>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Firmware Update</dt>
<dd>The Firmware Updates section displays the current firmware version.
You can update this version by downloading the RPM file from Fix Central,
providing the path to the RPM file, and clicking <uicontrol>Update</uicontrol>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Configuration Backup</dt>
<dd>The Configuration Backup section displays configuration backup
files.<p>Hovering over the name displays the paths that are included
and excluded. The files are saved as tar files. You can download a
file by clicking the down arrow.</p><p>Select one the following to
generate new files or delete them.</p><dl><dlentry>
<dt>Generate Default Backup</dt>
<dd>Generates a new default backup file. The default paths that are
saved are <filepath>/etc</filepath>.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>New Custom Backup</dt>
<dd>Generates a custom backup file. To specify which paths that you
want to save, enter a path that you want included under Path Include
or a path that you want excluded under Path Exclude. To add more than
one path to either field, click the <uicontrol>plus (+)</uicontrol>.
Optionally, you can enter a description for the backup file. Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> to
generate the file.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Batch Delete</dt>
<dd>Use this option to delete a range of backup files.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Power Options</dt>
<dd>Use Power Options to select the options that you want to use to
manage power on your host system.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Sensor Monitor</dt>
<dd>Use the Sensor Monitor to display sensor information for your
server.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>SEP Configuration</dt>
<dd>Use SEP Configuration to configure your IBM Serviceable Event
Provider (SEP). The IBM Serviceable Event Provider monitors problems,
collects, and sends service information. To configure this service,
click the plus (+). Then, add a subscription by entering a host name,
port, and community for your provider. After the subscription is submitted,
you can start the service.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>User Management</dt>
<dd>User Management allows you to easily add and remove users from
your host system. Click plus (+) to add a user. Specify name, password,
group (if any) and what profile you want the user to have. Then, click <uicontrol>Submit</uicontrol>. </dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 2101?>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<?Pub *0000003732?>
