<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
Copyright IBM Corp, 2015

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
-->
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE cshelp PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA CSHelp//EN"
 "..\dtd\cshelp.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<!--This DITA specialized document type is not supported by the Authoring Tools development team.
Press the F1 key for online help on the tags and see the DITA XML Guide and Reference for how to use this document type.
For support please see:
https://w3.opensource.ibm.com/projects/dita-cshelp/-->
<cshelp id="storage" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Storage</title>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Storage</wintitle> page shows information
about host system storage information.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>Use these sections to configure storage of the host system.</p>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Volume Group</dt>
<dd>LVM (logical volume management) provides a method of allocating space on mass-storage devices that is more flexible than conventional partitioning schemes.</dd>
<dd>Supporting operations on Volume Groups.</dd>
<dd>* Listing</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>File Systems</dt>
<dd>File system used to control how data stored and retrieved from storage device.</dd>
<dd>* Listing </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Swap Devices</dt>
<dd>Swap device is repository of memory segments that are paged out of physical RAM. Swap space can be of partition of file.</dd>
<dd>* Listing </dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>Storage Devices</dt>
<dd>Storage device is any computing hardware that is used for storing, porting and extracting data files and objects.</dd>
<dd>* Listing FCP/ECKD (DASD) devices</dd>
<dd>* Format ECKD</dd>
<dd>* Remove</dd>
<dd>* ADD ECKD</dd>
<dd>* ADD FCP</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>FCP Tape Devices</dt>
<dd>FCP Tape device is any computing hardware that is used for storing, porting and extracting data files and objects. This feature is available for s390x architecture.</dd>
<dd>* Listing FCP Tape devices</dd>
</dlentry>
<dlentry>
<dt>SAN Adapters</dt>
<dd>A SAN Adapter is IO device used to connect to the remote SAN storage devices. This feature is available for s390x architecture.</dd>
<dd>* Listing SAN Adapters</dd>
<dd>* Add SAN Adapter</dd>
</dlentry>
</dl><?Pub Caret 2101?>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<?Pub *0000003732?>
