<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
Copyright IBM Corp, 2016

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
-->
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2011, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE cshelp PUBLIC "-//IBM//DTD DITA CSHelp//EN"
 "..\dtd\cshelp.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<?Pub Inc?>
<!--This DITA specialized document type is not supported by the Authoring Tools development team.
Press the F1 key for online help on the tags and see the DITA XML Guide and Reference for how to use this document type.
For support please see:
https://w3.opensource.ibm.com/projects/dita-cshelp/-->
<cshelp id="server" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Server</title>
<shortdesc>The <wintitle>Server</wintitle> page shows information
about your servers and allows to perform platform management functions on your servers.</shortdesc>
<csbody>
<p>Use these sections to add server, power on server, power off
server and remove server.</p>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Add Server</dt>
<dd>The Add Server option allows to add a server to be managed. It requires user defined name for server,
IP address, IPMI User name(optional) and password. The user defined name and IP address has to be unique
for servers being managed.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Remove Server</dt>
<dd>The Remove option allows to remove a server that is being managed.<dl><dlentry>
<dt>Power On</dt>
<dd>The Power On option allows to power on the server being managed.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Power Off</dt>
<dd>The Power Off option allows to power off the server being managed.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>System Event Logs</dt>
<dd>The System Logs option allows to view and delete all the System Event Logs.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>Sensor Data Records</dt>
<dd>The Sensor data records option allows to view all the sensor details and corresponding values.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt>System Temperature Reading</dt>
<dd>The System Temperature Reading option allows to view temperature reading of the sensors.</dd>
</dlentry></dl></dd>
</dlentry></dl><?Pub Caret 2101?>
</csbody>
</cshelp>
<?Pub *0000003732?>
